Convert warning about using fallback paths to error (#3225)
databricks/cli: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

## Release v0.262.0

### Notable Changes

> * Breaking change: if the relative paths to the bundle resources are defined relatively to where the job or pipeline
> is defined rather than the configuration file where this path is defined, DABs will return an error.
> Previously, it would fallback to older path resolution. This fallback path resolution is deprecated now.
> Please update the path to be relative to the configuration file where this path is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Breaking change: DABs now returns an error when paths are incorrectly defined relative to the job or 
pipeline definition location instead of the configuration file location. Previously, the CLI would show a 
warning and fallback to resolving the path relative to the resource location. Users must update their bundle 
configurations to define all relative paths relative to the configuration file where the path is specified.
```

### Dependency updates

### CLI

### Bundles

> * [Breaking Change] Convert warning about using fallback paths to error ([#3225](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/3225))

Author: I don't mind both but I prefer to keep PRs links with titles like we normally do but call out what's notable additionally

## Release v0.266.0

### Notable Changes
* Breaking change: DABs now return an error when paths are incorrectly defined relative to the job or
pipeline definition location instead of the configuration file location. Previously, the CLI would show a
warning and fallback to resolving the path relative to the resource location. Users must update their bundle
configurations to define all relative paths relative to the configuration file where the path is specified.

> See more details here: ([#3225](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/3225))

Reviewer 2: This sounds scary, but it only affects users with a configuration that already displays warnings. It removes behavior that was already considered deprecated. Is it possible to make it sound less scary?
